Use weaveworks/flux-get-started repo in docs (#1527)
weaveworks/flux: site/faq.md

### I've uninstalled Flux and all my Helm releases are gone. Why is that?

> On `FluxHelmRelease` CRD deletion, Kubernetes will remove all `HelmRelease` CRs triggering a Helm purge for each release created by Flux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On `HelmRelease` CRD deletion, Kubernetes will remove all `HelmRelease` resources triggering a Helm purge for each release created by Flux.
```
